c:\users\brschulk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RollToDodge\RollToDodge\bin\Debug\RollToDodge.exe.config
c:\users\brschulk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RollToDodge\RollToDodge\bin\Debug\RollToDodge.exe
c:\users\brschulk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RollToDodge\RollToDodge\bin\Debug\RollToDodge.pdb
c:\users\brschulk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RollToDodge\RollToDodge\obj\Debug\RollToDodge.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\brschulk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RollToDodge\RollToDodge\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\brschulk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RollToDodge\RollToDodge\obj\Debug\RollToDodge_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\brschulk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RollToDodge\RollToDodge\obj\Debug\RollToDodge.g.resources
c:\users\brschulk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RollToDodge\RollToDodge\obj\Debug\RollToDodge.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\brschulk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RollToDodge\RollToDodge\obj\Debug\RollToDodge.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\brschulk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RollToDodge\RollToDodge\obj\Debug\RollToDodge.exe
c:\users\brschulk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RollToDodge\RollToDodge\obj\Debug\RollToDodge.pdb
c:\users\brschulk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RollToDodge\RollToDodge\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\brschulk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RollToDodge\RollToDodge\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\brschulk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RollToDodge\RollToDodge\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\brschulk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RollToDodge\RollToDodge\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\brschulk\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\RollToDodge\RollToDodge\obj\Debug\Views\Characters.g.cs
C:\Users\brschulk\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\RollToDodge\RollToDodge\obj\Debug\Views\MainMenu.g.cs
C:\Users\brschulk\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\RollToDodge\RollToDodge\obj\Debug\RollToDodge_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\brschulk\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\RollToDodge\RollToDodge\obj\Debug\Views\Characters.baml
C:\Users\brschulk\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\RollToDodge\RollToDodge\obj\Debug\Views\MainMenu.baml
C:\Users\brschulk\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\RollToDodge\RollToDodge\obj\Debug\Views\Styles\Styles.baml
C:\Users\brschulk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RollToDodge\RollToDodge\obj\Debug\Views\GamesListView.g.cs
C:\Users\brschulk\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\RollToDodge\RollToDodge\obj\Debug\Views\GamesListView.baml
